Refresh engineer responsibilities (#2059)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/engineering/roles.md

### Responsibilities

- Model [our company values](../../company/values.md) and apply our [guiding engineering principles](index.md#guiding-principles) throughout all your interactions and work.

> - Iteratively create and maintain high quality architecture, code, tests, and documentation that aligns with team goals.

Author: ```suggestion
- Iteratively create, ship, and maintain high quality architecture, code, tests, and documentation that aligns with team goals.
```

> - Iteratively create and maintain high quality architecture, code, tests, and documentation that aligns with your team's goals.

Reviewer: Do we want to talk about the "team's" goals, given that some engineers are not on teams?

Author: I think it is important to emphasize team goals given our value to work as a team. This still applies to people who are exceptions (currently there is only one exception): they should be helping teams achieve their goals. I would expect anyone in this "exception" situation to inherently know what their responsibilities are (otherwise they aren't the right person to be an exception). In the broader sense though, there are no exceptions, we are all on the same team: Sourcegraph.

Author: ```suggestion
- Iteratively create and maintain high quality architecture, code, tests, and documentation that aligns with team goals.
```

- Document and share your progress in relevant locations at least once a week (for example: in GitHub issues, team slack channel, #progress, [CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)).

> - Unblock and support your teammates by answering questions, reviewing their [code](code_reviews.md), and providing feedback on [RFCs](../communication/rfcs/index.md).

Reviewer 2: Is teammate specifically the engineer's team? What about proactively helping other teams with your knoweldge?

Author: There are many layers of team and each person is your teammate. There are many things you can do to help your teammates, these are just examples (updating wording to make it clear these are just examples).

```suggestion
- Prioritize unblocking and supporting your teammates (for example: sharing knowledge, answering questions, providing feedback).
```

> - Help us build a great team by referring people who you would like to work with, interviewing candidates, and suggesting improvements to our hiring process.

Author: ```suggestion
- Help build a great team by referring people who you would like to work with, interviewing candidates, and suggesting improvements to our hiring process.
```
